Ten Army Right Descending Suzaku
Ten armies descended to the left and the white tiger came to the rescue late
Ask the queen to punish
You are even more meritorious for coming to save me
Please get up
Xiaoyao King, the army led by Shi Jiajun Preschool Education Institute
It has been rushed back from Beijing.
The queen also released the emperor
Surrender, Happy King
Surrender hahahaha
My 100,000 soldiers have surrounded the Platinum Palace
Shi Jiabing's true strength
But the soldiers are still on the way
Now it's just the two of you
Also want to stop me
Yes
I, the right general of the Shi Family Army, Suzaku
Ask the Happy King to retreat
The left name of the Shi family army is White Tiger
It seems that you are determined to stop my unit
Die